CONTRIBUTOR.md, before:

# Armbian contributor list

First of all, I would like to thank [150balbes](https://github.com/150balbes) for his outstanding contributions and a good foundation for using Armbian in the Amlogic box. The [armbian](https://github.com/armbian/build) system compiled here directly uses the latest official source code for real-time compilation. The development idea of the program comes from the tutorials of authors such as [ebkso](https://www.kflyo.com/howto-compile-armbian-for-n1-box). Thank you for your dedication and sharing, so that we can use the Armbian system in the Amlogic s9xxx box.

The `kernel` / `u-boot` and other resources used by this system are mainly copied from the project of [unifreq/openwrt_packit](https://github.com/unifreq/openwrt_packit), Some files are shared by users in [Pull](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/pulls) and [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues) of [amlogic-s9xxx-openwrt](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-openwrt) / [amlogic-s9xxx-armbian](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian) / [luci-app-amlogic](https://github.com/ophub/luci-app-amlogic) / [kernel](https://github.com/ophub/kernel) / [script](https://github.com/ophub/script) and other projects. To thank these pioneers and sharers, From now on (This source code repository was created on 2021-09-19), I have recorded them in [CONTRIBUTOR.md](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR.md). Thanks again everyone for giving new life and meaning to the box.

| Innovation and contributors | Record of achievements |
| ---- | ---- |
| [150balbes](https://github.com/150balbes) | He has made outstanding contributions and laid a good foundation for using Armbian in the Amlogic box. |
| [unifreq](https://github.com/unifreq) | Developed many Armbian and OpenWrt systems, provided s905d~s922x and many other SOC system boot and firmware production solutions, shared abundant resources and tutorials. The [u-boot](build-armbian/amlogic-u-boot), [dtb](build-armbian/amlogic-dtb), [kernel](https://github.com/ophub/kernel/tree/main/pub/stable), [script](build-armbian/common-files/files/usr/sbin) etc. used on this site all fully adopted his results, and he opened the door to the world of Armbian and OpenWrt from the TV box. |
| [NewbieOrange](https://github.com/NewbieOrange) | 01. [2021-11-14] He provided the [meson-gxm-t95z-plus.dtb](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/blob/main/build-armbian/amlogic-dtb/meson-gxm-t95z-plus.dtb) file and [usage method](build-armbian/common-files/patches/boot/s912-t95z-plus) of the new device [T95Z-Plus](https://www.tokopedia.com/search?st=product&q=t95z%20plus) in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/22#issuecomment-968260448); Shared the [meson-gxl-s905l2-p281.dtb](build-armbian/amlogic-dtb/meson-gxl-s905l2-p281.dtb) file of s905l2 (p281 board) in [Pull](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/pull/29). |
| [pulpoff](https://github.com/pulpoff) | 02. [2021-11-24] He shared how to adjust [dtb freq](https://github.com/armbian/build/commit/d0831a7ce191759011d8a0f23019acebc2348149) and add new [display resolution](https://github.com/tobetter/linux/commit/248da29964751908c36e2c5558385ec09aed87ad) in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/31#issuecomment-974982500), and provided test firmware [download](https://vp5.net/king/); In [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/36), the test method for `supporting sound` is shared; In [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/34), the test method for `enabling Bluetooth` is shared. |
| [flymike](https://github.com/flymike) | 03. [2021-12-28] He shared the available `meson-gxbb-vega-s95-telos.dtb` and `u-boot-s905.bin` of the `Beelink-Mini-MX 2G` `s905` box in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/57) |
| [martinlanger90](https://github.com/martinlanger90) | 04. [2022-01-01] He tested and shared the `MECOOL-KI-Pro 2G/16G` `s905d` box using armbian system in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/59). The available dtb is `meson-gxl-s905d-mecool-ki-pro.dtb`, u-boot is `u-boot-p201.bin`, and it can be used in `5.4`, `5.10`, and `5.15` kernels. |
| [ErikPelli](https://github.com/ErikPelli) | 05. [2022-01-14] He reported in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/72#issuecomment-1013071513) that [Tanix-TX92](http://www.tanix-box.com/project-view/tanix-tx92-android-tv-box-powered-amlogic-s912/) and [VORKE-Z6-Plus](http://www.vorke.com/project/vorke-z6-2/) boxes can use the same configuration as [H96-Pro-Plus](https://www.gearbest.com/tv-box-mini-pc/pp_503486.html), and support writing to `eMMC` for use. Supports the use of `mouse` and `keyboard` under the `5.10 kernel`.  |
| [JFLim1](https://github.com/JFLim1) | 06. [2022-01-15] He shared the available `dtb` and `u-boot` of the `Beelink-GT-King-Pro (Revision A, Serial #SA9HH...)` `s922x` box in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/72#issuecomment-1012127495). After his tests, it was finally determined that the combination of `meson-g12b-gtking-pro.dtb` and `u-boot-gtkingpro-rev-a.bin` could be used. Mouse, keyboard, bluetooth, wireless are normal. |
| [flymike](https://github.com/flymike) | 07. [2022-01-16] After his test in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/79), in the `MECOOL-KM3-4G` `s905x2` box, the combination of `meson-g12a-sei510.dtb` and `u-boot-x96max.bin` can be used normally, supporting the `5.10 kernel`. Network, bluetooth, wireless are normal. |
| [JFLim1](https://github.com/JFLim1) | 08. [2022-01-18] After his test in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/81), He provided a solution to the `black screen` of the `gtking-pro-rev-a` box by disabling the `/etc/udev/rules.d/hdmi.rules` file. |
| [DiogoSilva48](https://github.com/DiogoSilva48) | 09. [2022-02-02] After his test in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/98), The `tbee-box` can use the default firmware of the `s905x`. He provided two ways to enable `wifi`. |
| [darkliang](https://github.com/darkliang) | 10. [2022-02-18] He submitted support for `Khadas-VIM3` box with SoC `A311D` in [Pull](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-openwrt/pull/210), provided mainline U-BOOT file(`khadas-vim3-u-boot.sd.bin`) and configuration information. After his feedback, this box supports writing to `eMMC` and supports `5.4.y` and `5.10.y` kernels. |
| [atsdai](https://github.com/atsdai) | 11. [2022-03-01] He feedback the `Beelink-Mini-MX-2G` RTL8211F Ethernet TX fix in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/127). Now [unifreq](https://github.com/unifreq) has added this scheme to the default kernel ([5.4](https://github.com/unifreq/linux-5.4.y/commit/456817db17ec67621d347963e2100a331b5a089d) / [5.10](https://github.com/unifreq/linux-5.10.y/commit/86fb0e941db620ff8851ec95100d414dc95f13ad) / [5.15](https://github.com/unifreq/linux-5.15.y/commit/c4d36d65651570e0ef2d00541e3b9058f2182e93) / [5.16](https://github.com/unifreq/linux-5.16.y/commit/2cc6ab2ced2221235e39ef33e83b62b55bc3b28b) have been added), the name is: `meson-gxbb-beelink-mini-mx.dtb` |
| [Calmact](https://github.com/Calmact/e900v22c) | 12. [2022-03-02] He shared the solution of using Armbian system in `Skyworth E900V22C/D` device in [Pull](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/pull/129). After testing, the kernel 5.15 support `booting from USB` for use, support `100M wired network`, no wireless and Bluetooth. He plans to provide more support for this device, you can check the latest progress in his warehouse. |
| [parkjw0117](https://github.com/parkjw0117) | 13. [2022-03-12] After his test in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/158), in the `Mecool-M8S-PRO-L` `s912` box, the combination of `meson-gxm-q201.dtb` and `u-boot-s905x-s912.bin` can be used normally, supporting the `5.4/5.10 kernel`. The wired network is normal. Wireless and Bluetooth are not available. |

Commit message:

Add openvfd LED display contributor list

CONTRIBUTOR.md, after:

# Armbian contributor list

First of all, I would like to thank [150balbes](https://github.com/150balbes) for his outstanding contributions and a good foundation for using Armbian in the Amlogic box. The [armbian](https://github.com/armbian/build) system compiled here directly uses the latest official source code for real-time compilation. The development idea of the program comes from the tutorials of authors such as [ebkso](https://www.kflyo.com/howto-compile-armbian-for-n1-box). Thank you for your dedication and sharing, so that we can use the Armbian system in the Amlogic s9xxx box.

The `kernel` / `u-boot` and other resources used by this system are mainly copied from the project of [unifreq/openwrt_packit](https://github.com/unifreq/openwrt_packit), Some files are shared by users in [Pull](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/pulls) and [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues) of [amlogic-s9xxx-openwrt](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-openwrt) / [amlogic-s9xxx-armbian](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian) / [luci-app-amlogic](https://github.com/ophub/luci-app-amlogic) / [kernel](https://github.com/ophub/kernel) / [script](https://github.com/ophub/script) and other projects. To thank these pioneers and sharers, From now on (This source code repository was created on 2021-09-19), I have recorded them in [CONTRIBUTOR.md](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR.md). Thanks again everyone for giving new life and meaning to the box.

| Innovation and contributors | Record of achievements |
| ---- | ---- |
| [150balbes](https://github.com/150balbes) | He has made outstanding contributions and laid a good foundation for using Armbian in the Amlogic box. |
| [unifreq](https://github.com/unifreq) | Developed many Armbian and OpenWrt systems, provided s905d~s922x and many other SOC system boot and firmware production solutions, shared abundant resources and tutorials. The [u-boot](build-armbian/amlogic-u-boot), [dtb](build-armbian/amlogic-dtb), [kernel](https://github.com/ophub/kernel/tree/main/pub/stable), [script](build-armbian/common-files/files/usr/sbin) etc. used on this site all fully adopted his results, and he opened the door to the world of Armbian and OpenWrt from the TV box. |
| [NewbieOrange](https://github.com/NewbieOrange) | 01. [2021-11-14] He provided the [meson-gxm-t95z-plus.dtb](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/blob/main/build-armbian/amlogic-dtb/meson-gxm-t95z-plus.dtb) file and [usage method](build-armbian/common-files/patches/boot/s912-t95z-plus) of the new device [T95Z-Plus](https://www.tokopedia.com/search?st=product&q=t95z%20plus) in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/22#issuecomment-968260448); Shared the [meson-gxl-s905l2-p281.dtb](build-armbian/amlogic-dtb/meson-gxl-s905l2-p281.dtb) file of s905l2 (p281 board) in [Pull](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/pull/29). |
| [pulpoff](https://github.com/pulpoff) | 02. [2021-11-24] He shared how to adjust [dtb freq](https://github.com/armbian/build/commit/d0831a7ce191759011d8a0f23019acebc2348149) and add new [display resolution](https://github.com/tobetter/linux/commit/248da29964751908c36e2c5558385ec09aed87ad) in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/31#issuecomment-974982500), and provided test firmware [download](https://vp5.net/king/); In [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/36), the test method for `supporting sound` is shared; In [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/34), the test method for `enabling Bluetooth` is shared. |
| [flymike](https://github.com/flymike) | 03. [2021-12-28] He shared the available `meson-gxbb-vega-s95-telos.dtb` and `u-boot-s905.bin` of the `Beelink-Mini-MX 2G` `s905` box in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/57) |
| [martinlanger90](https://github.com/martinlanger90) | 04. [2022-01-01] He tested and shared the `MECOOL-KI-Pro 2G/16G` `s905d` box using armbian system in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/59). The available dtb is `meson-gxl-s905d-mecool-ki-pro.dtb`, u-boot is `u-boot-p201.bin`, and it can be used in `5.4`, `5.10`, and `5.15` kernels. |
| [ErikPelli](https://github.com/ErikPelli) | 05. [2022-01-14] He reported in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/72#issuecomment-1013071513) that [Tanix-TX92](http://www.tanix-box.com/project-view/tanix-tx92-android-tv-box-powered-amlogic-s912/) and [VORKE-Z6-Plus](http://www.vorke.com/project/vorke-z6-2/) boxes can use the same configuration as [H96-Pro-Plus](https://www.gearbest.com/tv-box-mini-pc/pp_503486.html), and support writing to `eMMC` for use. Supports the use of `mouse` and `keyboard` under the `5.10 kernel`.  |
| [JFLim1](https://github.com/JFLim1) | 06. [2022-01-15] He shared the available `dtb` and `u-boot` of the `Beelink-GT-King-Pro (Revision A, Serial #SA9HH...)` `s922x` box in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/72#issuecomment-1012127495). After his tests, it was finally determined that the combination of `meson-g12b-gtking-pro.dtb` and `u-boot-gtkingpro-rev-a.bin` could be used. Mouse, keyboard, bluetooth, wireless are normal. |
| [flymike](https://github.com/flymike) | 07. [2022-01-16] After his test in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/79), in the `MECOOL-KM3-4G` `s905x2` box, the combination of `meson-g12a-sei510.dtb` and `u-boot-x96max.bin` can be used normally, supporting the `5.10 kernel`. Network, bluetooth, wireless are normal. |
| [JFLim1](https://github.com/JFLim1) | 08. [2022-01-18] After his test in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/81), He provided a solution to the `black screen` of the `gtking-pro-rev-a` box by disabling the `/etc/udev/rules.d/hdmi.rules` file. |
| [DiogoSilva48](https://github.com/DiogoSilva48) | 09. [2022-02-02] After his test in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/98), The `tbee-box` can use the default firmware of the `s905x`. He provided two ways to enable `wifi`. |
| [darkliang](https://github.com/darkliang) | 10. [2022-02-18] He submitted support for `Khadas-VIM3` box with SoC `A311D` in [Pull](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-openwrt/pull/210), provided mainline U-BOOT file(`khadas-vim3-u-boot.sd.bin`) and configuration information. After his feedback, this box supports writing to `eMMC` and supports `5.4.y` and `5.10.y` kernels. |
| [atsdai](https://github.com/atsdai) | 11. [2022-03-01] He feedback the `Beelink-Mini-MX-2G` RTL8211F Ethernet TX fix in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/127). Now [unifreq](https://github.com/unifreq) has added this scheme to the default kernel ([5.4](https://github.com/unifreq/linux-5.4.y/commit/456817db17ec67621d347963e2100a331b5a089d) / [5.10](https://github.com/unifreq/linux-5.10.y/commit/86fb0e941db620ff8851ec95100d414dc95f13ad) / [5.15](https://github.com/unifreq/linux-5.15.y/commit/c4d36d65651570e0ef2d00541e3b9058f2182e93) / [5.16](https://github.com/unifreq/linux-5.16.y/commit/2cc6ab2ced2221235e39ef33e83b62b55bc3b28b) have been added), the name is: `meson-gxbb-beelink-mini-mx.dtb` |
| [Calmact](https://github.com/Calmact/e900v22c) | 12. [2022-03-02] He shared the solution of using Armbian system in `Skyworth E900V22C/D` device in [Pull](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/pull/129). After testing, the kernel 5.15 support `booting from USB` for use, support `100M wired network`, no wireless and Bluetooth. He plans to provide more support for this device, you can check the latest progress in his warehouse. |
| [danboid](https://github.com/danboid) | 13. [2022-03-09] He shared the `openvfd LED display driver and related resources` in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/143). After debugging and sharing by [unifreq](https://github.com/unifreq), it is now [supported](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/tree/main/build-armbian/common-files/files/usr/share/openvfd) to be used in six devices through the [armbian-led](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/blob/main/build-armbian/common-files/files/usr/sbin/armbian-led) command. |
| [parkjw0117](https://github.com/parkjw0117) | 14. [2022-03-12] After his test in [Issues](https://github.com/ophub/amlogic-s9xxx-armbian/issues/158), in the `Mecool-M8S-PRO-L` `s912` box, the combination of `meson-gxm-q201.dtb` and `u-boot-s905x-s912.bin` can be used normally, supporting the `5.4/5.10 kernel`. The wired network is normal. Wireless and Bluetooth are not available. |
